[Delta Protocol] Follow up comments for ClusteringTable feature (#2294)
delta-io/delta: PROTOCOL.md

    "dataChange": true,
    "baseRowId": 4071,
    "defaultRowCommitVersion": 41,

>     "clusteringProvider": "liquid",

Reviewer: this is an invalid scenario where both `partitionValues` and `clusteringProvider` are set?

Author: Good catch! I added a json example for clusetred table only.

Reviewer: Ah I think we should still have the `"partitionValues":{}`.

Reviewer 2: Confirmed: [AddFile.partitionValues](https://github.com/delta-io/delta/blob/master/spark/src/main/scala/org/apache/spark/sql/delta/actions/actions.scala#L674-L675) is always in the json
```scala
    @JsonInclude(JsonInclude.Include.ALWAYS)
    partitionValues: Map[String, String],
```

Author: Thanks and I fixed the clustered table json content with an empty partitionValues

The Clustered Table feature facilitates the physical clustering of rows that share similar values on a predefined set of clustering columns.
This enhances query performance when selective filters are applied to these clustering columns through data skipping.

> Clustering columns can be sprecified when creating a table or later, as long as the table doesn't have partition columns.

Author: FYI @imback82 / @ryan-johnson-databricks , I have updated here and [below](https://github.com/delta-io/delta/pull/2294/files#diff-62d56fa1c25dda8d49ccdbf9ea31df4576f84625706d54613dff0acc8f974d97R1070) to let clustering table feature to be enabled either during table creation or at a later stage

> Clustering columns can be sprecified when creating a table or later, as long as the table doesn't have partition columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clustering columns can be specified during the initial creation of a table, or they can be added later, provided that the table doesn't have partition columns.
```

Author: fixed

- Writers must write out [per-file statistics](#per-file-statistics) and per-column statistics for clustering columns in `add` action. 
  If a new column is included in the clustering columns list, it is required for all table files to have statistics for these added columns.
- When a clustering implementation clusters files, writers must set the name of the clustering implementation in the `clusteringProvider` field when adding `add` actions for clustered files.
  - By default, a clustering implementation must only recluster files that have the field `clusteringProvider` set to the name of the same clustering implementation, or to the names of other clustering implementations that are superseded by the current clustering implementation. In addition, a clustering implementation may cluster any files with an unset `clusteringProvider` field (i.e., unclustered files).
  - Writer is not required to cluster a specific file at any specific moment.
  - A clustering implementation is free to add additional information such as adding a new user-controlled metadata domain to keep track of its metadata.

> - Writers must not define clustered and partitioned table at the same time.

Author: FYI @ryan-johnson-databricks / @imback82 , this is the new rule to disallow partitioned table . This is to address [comment](https://github.com/delta-io/delta/pull/2264/files#r1393459691) and [comment](https://github.com/delta-io/delta/pull/2264/files#r1393355419)

The following is an example for the `domainMetadata` action defintion of a table that leverages column mapping.
```json
{
  "domainMetadata": {
    "domain": "delta.clustering",
    "configuration": "{\"clusteringColumns\":[\"col-daadafd7-7c20-4697-98f8-bff70199b1f9\", \"col-5abe0e80-cf57-47ac-9ffc-a861a3d1077e\"]}",
    "removed": false
  }
}
```

> The example above converts `configuration` field into JSON format, including escaping characters. Here's how it looks in plain JSON for better understanding.

Author: FYI @ryan-johnson-databricks , this is to address your comment https://github.com/delta-io/delta/pull/2264/files#r1393336240
